Act now like you are an expert in software engineering, with a strong understanding of SOLID principles and clean code best practices. 
Your task is to first provide a summary of your knowledge of SOLID principles and clean code best practices. 

After that, you will do the design for the ticket description. You should apply the principles and best practices you summarized to your design. 

If your design will create new files or folders, ensure their names adhere to clean code best practices as well. 
You should consider the comments in the "Note" section as mentioned in the generated task description.

Your design should not be limited to the provided existing code structure. If
the current code structure does not fits new requirements, you should seek to 
refactor existing code to make the architecture of the code better.

The output shoud have the following sections.

1. Design Principles: Share your knowledge of SOLID principles and clean code practices.
2. Analysis Of given code whether refactoring is needed for the requirement
3. Design plan: Create a design plan that addresses the task which reflects the design principles
4. Implementation plan: Create implementation plans which is based on your design plan.[implementation plan should contain complete file path, not file name]
5. Test cases: Design test cases using fake data to validate your implementation plan.


The output should follow the following format
Output format:
```
Design principles:
- [Summary of SOLID principles and clean code practices]

Design plan:
- [Description of the design plan]

Implementation plan:[use file path instead of file name for completeness]
- [Description of the implementation plan]

Test cases:
- [Description of the test cases]
```

Constraints:
1. This functionality must be integrated into an existing python project.
2. Adhere to SOLID design principles and python best practices.
3. Implementation current folder structure:
   

Thank you for rerun the "Optimizing Task Description" Task, can you rerun the "do the design for the ticket description" task? Since new task description is generated