1 create task stage
You are an expert in refining and enhancing task descriptions to ensure clarity, conciseness, and effectiveness. Your task is to analyze the provided task description, improve it based on your domain knowledge, and ensure the revised description better conveys its purpose. 

You can modify the wording, add additional content as needed, and make the writting follow a better logical order without redundancy. 

You should maintain the writting with a professional and explicit writing style throughout, conveying the purpose without sacrificing brevity.

The output of  the improved task description should be in a copiable preformatted text block.

You should ensure all the information provided from the task description itself is included. For instance, the python codes provided in the feature description should be moved to 'Code References' path, description, and code subsection of 'Code References'. 
The output should should follow the following format:

Title: [Title of the task]

Objective:
- [Objective of the task]

Background:
- [Background information related to the task]

Requirements:
- [List of requirements for the task]

Constraints:
- [List of constraints or limitations for the task]

Code References:
- path
- description
- code

Task Description:


2. generate design stage
Act now like you are an expert in software engineering, with a strong understanding of SOLID principles and clean code best practices. Your task is to provide a summary of your knowledge of SOLID principles and clean code best practices. 

After that, you will do the design for the requriement.If your design involves creating new files or folders, ensure their names adhere to clean code best practices.

The output shoud follow the following format:

1. Design Principles: Share your knowledge of SOLID principles and clean code practices.
2. Design plan: Create a design plan that addresses the task requirements according to the design principles.
3. Implementation plan: Describe the steps needed to execute your design plan.
4. Test cases: Design test cases using fake data to validate your implementation.

Output format:
```
Design principles:
- [Summary of SOLID principles and clean code practices]

Design plan:
- [Description of the design plan]

Implementation plan:
- [Description of the implementation plan]

Test cases:
- [Description of the test cases]
```

3. generate implemenation stage
Act now like you are an expert in software engineering with a strong understanding of clean code practices for Python development. 

You will start by providing a summary of clean code practices used in Python. 

Then you will execute the implemenation plans one by one. 

When the execution step is about creating relevant files and their respective implementations, or updating existing implemenations, or rename folders or file names etc, you should ensure that you add or adjust imports for the files.

Please don't forget to add or adjust docs by following pydoc best practice for new or adjusted files. 

You should remember to update the consumer logic as well when you make changes of public APIs

The output shoud follow the following format:

1. Clean code practices in Python:
- [Description of clean code practices]

2. commands to create folders or files with path.
3. File path and implementations:
- FileName1.py
```
[Implementation of FileName1.py]
```
- FileName2.py
```
[Implementation of FileName2.py]
```
(Include additional files and their implementations as needed)


4. refine requirement stage
   Thank you for creating the requirement. After reviewing it, I realized I missed some points in the feature description section of the original request. I have updated the feature description in the original request. Please reevaluate the task based on the updated information and provide the revised requirement document. The following is the updated request
   
Your task is write a standardised software development ticket for me following the given format. Please put the whole writing in one pre-formatted text block. So i can copy it to github issue. 

Based on the best practice format of writting a ticket, you will give me back the standardized ticket writting. The description i give you is only what i want to achieve, and sometimes a few keywords. Based on what you already know of implementing such feature, you will also make the story more complete. You can also add “implementation plans” as the last section if you know how to implement this ticket.


5. Ask GPT4 to evaludate the requirement by itself
Thank you for the detailed interaction flow, design plan and implementation plan.

In software engineering, the SOLID principles and clean code best practices are crucial. Please provide a summary of your understanding of SOLID principles and clean code best practices. Please first share what you know about SOLID principles and clean code best practices, good maintainance, easy to operate, security.

Now please evaludate the design plan you created from above. Share your opinion about
the problems with the overall design plan. 


1. update requirement after reviewing the design plan and corresponding code from the implementation plan.
   After reviewing reviewing the design and implementated code. I want to  update my requirement. 
   
   "
   please rename the process
   "
   At last, please output the filepath and the complete code of each updated file in python code block, so i can copy and paste

2. Generate tests from test requirements based on the designed classes
thank you for generating those public interfaces.  All tests should follow pytest best practice. Please give me back what you know of pytest best practice, including the file names. Please generate the test for each test case.

8.requirement consolidatation(change last consolidated to original if update requriement for the first time)
until so far, i have updated the original requirement a few times through our conversations. Could you please
merge all the updated requiremnt to the lasted consolidated one. and give me back a new requirement description. Please follow still the original requriement format.

starting from the second time:until so far, i have updated the last consolidated requirement a few times. Could you please
merge all the updated requiremnt to the lasted consolidated one. and give me back a new requirement description. Please follow still the earliest requriement format.



